User Interview Log

Interview Questions

1.  How tech-savvy are you?
2.  How do you get around in your daily life?
3.  How important is independent mobility to you?
4.  Do you own or have owned a vehicle?
5.  What factors are/would be important to you concerning purchasing a motor vehicle?
6.  What factors are important when being just a rider?
7.  How often do you use ride-sharing apps like Uber or Lyft?
8.  How familiar are you with self-driving vehicles?
9.  What's your perspective on artificial intelligence (current & future)?
10. How much would you say you trust self-driving vehicles?
11. Do you think the more reliable the technology justifies trusting it more as well?
12. Do you think educating the rider on how they work justifies trust?
13. How likely are you to ride in a autonomous vehicle?
14. What would it take to convince you to trust self-driving cars?

User 1: Demographic: Tech-Savvy Cornell Tech Student
1.  I would consider myself very tech savvy.
2.  Public transportation is main form of transportation considering I live in city.
3.  Having the ability to go where I want when I want is very important, so it's very hard not having my car here. I'm at the mercy of the subway.
4.  Yes I do.
5.  I would say first overall cost, reliability, comfortability, and environmental friendliness.
6.  I would say safety and comfort.
7.  I rarely use them, it's more efficient for me living in the city to use the subway.
8.  I would say I'm fairly familiar the technology.
9.  I would say it's at an interesting inflection. There's a lot of fear surrounding the technology because of lack of knowledge and information. People are fearful because of hacking.
10. I would say I'm relatively trustful of it.
11. Of course, without a reliable system of mechanisms which includes the working technology, self-driving cars wouldn't exist. Thus, the ability to trust it or not wouldn't exist.
12. It depends on how much you want to educate them, but no, I don't think so. This situation is analogous to airplanes. We've been flown using autopilot for so long, yet people still fly. I think helping people understand the connection that this isn't as far as a step away from what we currently have is the key to getting them to accept it.
13. Very likely, but I'm also a risk taker.
14. Not very much, I'm excited to utilize the additional space and time to work and focus on things I care about instead of having to drive.
